Check if entry_context is list or dictionary (#22575)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftGraphListener/ReleaseNotes/1_2_5.md

#### Integrations
##### Microsoft Graph Mail Single User

> - Fixed an issue where error was raised due to a list of mails in raw_response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in *msgraph-mail-list-emails* where the command failed to run when multiple emails were received.
```
